Rec: probe auth for DoT support (#11487)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/settings.rst

The interval between calls to the Lua user defined `maintenance()` function in seconds.
See :ref:`hooks-maintenance-callback`

.. _setting-max-busy-dot-probes:

``max-busy-dot-probes``
-----------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.7.0

- Integer
- Default: 0

Limit the maximum number of simultaneous DoT probes the Recursor will schedule.
The default value 0 means no DoT probes are scheduled.

DoT probes are used to check if an authoritative server's IP address supports DoT.

> If the probe determines an IP address supports DoT, the Recursor will use DoT to contact it for subsequent queries.

Author: right, we will fall back to Do53 and when the record expires (1 day)  try DoT again. This is one part that could/should be improved.

The interval between calls to the Lua user defined `maintenance()` function in seconds.
See :ref:`hooks-maintenance-callback`

.. _setting-max-busy-dot-probes:

``max-busy-dot-probes``
-----------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.7.0

- Integer
- Default: 0

Limit the maximum number of simultaneous DoT probes the Recursor will schedule.
The default value 0 means no DoT probes are scheduled.

DoT probes are used to check if an authoritative server's IP address supports DoT.
If the probe determines an IP address supports DoT, the Recursor will use DoT to contact it for subsequent queries.
The results of probes are remembered and can be viewed by the ``rec_control dump-dot-probe-map`` command.

> If the maximum number of pending probes is reached, no probe wil be scheduled, even if no DoT status is known for an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the maximum number of pending probes is reached, no probes will be scheduled, even if no DoT status is known for an address.
```

The interval between calls to the Lua user defined `maintenance()` function in seconds.
See :ref:`hooks-maintenance-callback`

.. _setting-max-busy-dot-probes:

``max-busy-dot-probes``
-----------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.7.0

- Integer
- Default: 0

Limit the maximum number of simultaneous DoT probes the Recursor will schedule.
The default value 0 means no DoT probes are scheduled.

DoT probes are used to check if an authoritative server's IP address supports DoT.
If the probe determines an IP address supports DoT, the Recursor will use DoT to contact it for subsequent queries until a failure occurs.

> After a failure, the Recursor will stop using DoT for that specific IP address for a while.

Reviewer: As mentioned by someone somewhere, _a while_ isn't very helpful.

Author: This is under-documented on purpose, as these things will change once the code becomes less experimental.

The results of probes are remembered and can be viewed by the ``rec_control dump-dot-probe-map`` command.
If the maximum number of pending probes is reached, no probes will be scheduled, even if no DoT status is known for an address.
If the result of a probe is not yet available, the Recursor will contact the authoritative server in the regular way, unless an authoritative server is configured to be contacted over DoT always using :ref:`setting-dot-to-auth-names`.
In that case no probe will be scheduled.

Note::
  DoT probing is an experimental feature.

>   Please test thoroughly if it is suitable in your specific production environment before enabling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please test thoroughly to determine if it is suitable in your specific production environment before enabling.
```
